Another thing about me is that I have worked in the journalism
tech industry for the better part of a decade before moving on
to working on open social protocols, and part of my journey
there was actually seeing the things that reporters and news organizations were
going through and realizing that some of the change that I wanted
to affect could not be done solely by working with journalism institutions
.
And so I ended up moving upstream into working in tech companies
and social media because that sort of fundamental substrate ended up being
so important for the foundation for where the publishing industry and journalists
have gone.
And in that span of time have linked up and met with
some fascinating folks who are thinking about what this next era of
journalism creation looks like and how people are connecting with communities.
So I'm very happy to have with us today Justin Bank
and Lauren Sack.
Justin is the co-founder of Journalism Atlas and if
you saw his talk earlier this morning it was awesome.
Also iterates very quickly.
It was great to see a slide of Aaron who had given
a talk immediately beforehand in there too.
We can just do things.
It's great.
And Journalism Atlas is a wayfinder for the future of
news media designed to connect audiences with independent creators who are telling
the stories they choose with purpose for the communities they cultivate and
serve.
Which sounds very well aligned with the things that we talk about
here at this conference and in this community.
And he's also previously led digital initiatives at the Washington Post
, NPR, and the New York Times.
So it's been fun chatting with you about where the industry
has come from and where it could potentially go.
And Lauren is one of the co-founders of Local
News International, which you can find on YouTube, Tikt
ok, and Instagram, many fun places.
And was also deputy head of video at the Washington Post and
oversaw the posts of Tiktok and YouTube in an
early phase of news organizations really grappling with these media.
So, and you also have a background at PBS and looking
at digital things there as well.
So very excited to have you both here.
Are there any things that you all want to open with?
I'm going to actually toss it to you really quickly.
Yeah, thanks, Ted.
I guess I'll just quickly say, I think I see
some faces from when I was here earlier this morning, but
just to kind of reorient anybody who wasn't here.
Hi, my name is Justin.
I'm very, very happy to be here.
I am a journalist by training, worked in newsrooms for
20 years, actually, more than 20 years now, kind
of creeps up on you.
It's been amazing to be working on these newer initiatives,
thinking about independent journalism at this moment in time when there are
so many institutions which have shrunk or under distress.
That was a lot of the theme of my talk this morning
.
A thing that I'm really excited to talk about next to
my friend Lauren is what it means for all the journalists who
are making journalism, as well as anyone who does not identify
as a journalist but is creating journalism or high-fidelity
information.
And Aaron's talk this morning wonderfully sets this up.
How do you support people who are trying to create high-
quality news in the modern era?
I have found myself in the last few months and years grav
itating towards protocol-based thinking.
Really excited to be here and connect with other creators, builders
, doers, operators, thinkers who want to create that
world.
And I'm so glad Lauren's here because of her crazy
journey that is six, seven months in of making an independent
media business out of a legacy place and all the stuff she
is learning in real time every day, every week, right
?
Yeah.
Thank you all for having me.
Delighted to be here.
And thank you for the introduction.
We've been at it at Local News International since August when
we took buyouts from the Washington Post after creating quite a
large audience on TikTok and YouTube around a creator named Dave J
orgensen.
If you're familiar with him, he's the more familiar
face of Local News International than I am.
My career has been spent at traditional organizations, PBS and The
Post and the Smithsonian before that, begging them to think about
new audiences and developing content for them around audiences that probably aren
't interacting with them in any other way.
And we decided to go independent just because of a frustration and
a sadness that these organizations are not ready to support these new
endeavors.
Yeah.
And I think that that's an amazing segue because what I
really am interested in hearing about is really the mindset of journalism
creators who are thinking about this particular moment in an era where
, you know, publishing has certainly changed with the internet and
successive generations of technology and where audiences are, that has really
shifted the landscape of what publishing is and also how that serves
journalism creators and people who are doing out both reporting news but
also bringing it to audiences.
And that business dynamic, I think, is one of the
most rapidly changing things.
And as people are talking about products, new products could be
built, ways that creators and audiences connect, thinking about that
reality of where these businesses are now and the needs and incentives
that they've got as we think about other types of futures
, I think is really critical.
And so I'm super curious, actually, about the story
of how y'all launch and the way that you're
thinking about both the content that you create and the way that
you want to connect with the audiences that you're serving.
Yeah, we launched knowing that we would have to put together
sort of a multifaceted business and that has proven true
even though we're still quite new at this.
But the opportunity really comes from the way that The Post wasn
't able to support us in this way and that we can
be multifaceted.
We can bring in sponsorships.
We can monetize our audience directly.
We can sell merchandise to them directly.
We can seek philanthropic support.
We have a consulting piece of our business as well.
So it really is sort of thinking broadly about how we can
ignite this audience that we have built that has this kind of
parasocial relationship with our journalist.
And they want to support him and his work.
And we're able to do that in a much more meaningful
way now that we're independent.
And Justin, have you seen that as a pattern with other
creators as well as you speak with people about the Journalism
Atlas and the way that they're kind of going out in
the world?
Yeah, wildly so.
One of the reasons I'm here.
You know, this morning I told the anecdote of being at
The Washington Post in 2011 when the Edward Snowden story breaks
and all of the interesting parts about the air-gapped
computer, about Bart Gellman coming to the post,
of Marty Baron making sense of how we would, you know
, get the story out there of us having to self-
aggregate to win audiences back from Google as the aggreg
ators beat us.
And then I told the story about Marisa Kavis
in the last 18 months breaking scoops like crazy on
Blue Sky and creating this new version of a funnel, right
?
Those are two very clean examples of an individual creator-jour
nalist from a bygone era at this point 15 years
ago having a brand to protect them and yet still fighting to
figure out the fidelity information in relation to the audience.
And then Marisa's more recent example.
As we can't, as I said before, if I
speak about this, what I find even more is I'm
listening to this like crazy.
I mean, Lauren launched six, seven months ago, and
I still can't stop asking you questions about how you build
your business.
If you go to journalismatlas.
com, we have a certain taxonomy of here's these
creators, here's the platforms they're on, here's
their geographies, here's their topics, here's their
subtopics.
We have other kind of prototypes we're putting in front of
funders, putting in front of philanthropists, putting in
front of publishers to say, look at these patterns.
You know, actually, we're going to be in Chicago
at ONA, the Online News Association Conference, tomorrow,
yes?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I think we're going to release this thing if we
get the final, go ahead.
Where we went in Chicago, working on behalf of the philanthrop
ist, the philanthropic group press forward to say, let
's map your ecosystem.
The amount of, like, ethnic groups, of, like
, immigration communities who have these creators on TikTok, who then
have private WhatsApp groups, was a thing we found there.
We're still doing research.
I don't know if we're going to have it all
wrapped up in time for Monday or not.
But all the ways in which there's different models that are
based on different platforms that, like what Lawrence said, of
, like, we know we're going to be here to
reach people.
We know we can be here to monetize people.
We know we can be here to do a version of R
&D, of trying to, you know, rough out
where else we'll kind of reach people at.
It's an incredible series of portfolios of what news creators
are doing to build, to reach, and to monetize
.
I think that that's such an interesting segue to a sort
of broader topic about when you talk often about software platforms and
protocols and things like that, there's a lot of,
like, discussion about, oh, well, we just need
people to exclusively use our platform to switch from some other platform
to our platform.
And once you go up a strata from that and you
're thinking about people who are community organizers or community leaders,
their strategies around how they're connecting with audiences, the afford
ances different tools give them, I think is a really important
thing for people to think about.
And I'm really curious about how, say, local news
international is thinking about their presence and where you feel you need
to be and where you would like to be.
Yeah.
The notion of exclusivity, I think, makes a lot
of sense for most industries, but maybe not for the news
, for a couple of reasons.
First of all, philosophically, we believe we want everyone
to see our content.
So we want to put it in the broadest possible places
we can because we want to be sort of democratic in that
way.
We know, though, that we can monetize people in
different ways because of that.
We sort of want to reach the broadest audience, but
ultimately we want to build fans over time.
That's kind of been the goal Dave and I had in
mind since we launched in 2019 is, like, do the
news, build fans, and then you can do something with
those fans.
So you can monetize those fans, but ultimately we want
to deliver the news in any way, in any place where
the audience is.
It doesn't mean we need to be everywhere, but we
need to be sort of in the broadest possible audience grab
.
It's classic top of funnel, I guess, traditionally speaking
Yeah, I think the only thing I'll, I mean
, again, I could listen to Lauren talk about this forever
.
It is endlessly fascinating with me to think about people who every
day wake up and say, I'm going to think about
the news.
What stories are in our pocket?
What have we been looking for?
What are the longer term stories?
I think especially this community, especially, again, just reflecting
on Aaron's amazing, you know, speech this morning,
you know, hearing the conversations that kind of have been going
on in this room, talking about everything from micropay
ments to extraction to what is the purpose of a platform.
You know, in this time and space, you know,
in March of 2026, we're at proto is,
and what I've been hearing these last couple of days,
stuff like the leaflet crew, thinking through, like,
how do we kind of, like, graph onto something here
to torture a word, I guess.
News flows all day, every day.
It just, you know, Lauren wakes up every day and
has a million ideas.
She's so good with Dave.
You guys figure out, we'll do this, we'll
do this, we'll do this.
And if we want to get to this, that's actually
a four-day thing.
We'll kind of get there.
That's in the guts of a news person.
As I think about the builders, as I think about the
community organizers, I think about people who are thinking about paid
feeds or the other ideas we kind of heard around here.
The opportunity to work with news creators who are independently trying to
do anything and to grab the daily conversation and port them over
, like Lauren's saying, to a community that you can
turn to fans to do something, I mean, it's
wildly exciting.
I'm so curious, actually, on that note.
Are there things that you feel unconstrained about or approaches
that you can take now that you feel like you couldn't
take?
And we don't necessarily have to personalize it that much
.
But I think about the difference between being supported by a publisher
and being within a publisher versus other strategies that you can take
once you're independent as a creator.
Because some of this is like being able to take novel approaches
and connect with audiences in ways that, you know, aren
't like read the front page of a newspaper or even the
concept of a newspaper.
For sure.
And it's mostly format-driven at this point.
Again, we've only been at this for eight months.
But I think we were very boxed into the format we
could perform in at The Post for various reasons.
Everyone's worked for a big company and you're on your
team and you do what you do.
Now we can make anything for any platform in any format,
any length, any tone we want.
And if it doesn't work, then tomorrow we'll change
course and we'll try something different.
So that's why we're really excited.
We'll have long form right now.
We operate strictly in short form.
We publish five days a week.
Long form is coming soon, which was something that, like
, to do that at The Post would have taken probably three
years and 15 different teams and, you know, a lot
of hemming and hawing and disagreeing.
So we're just going to do it.
And if people in three months don't like it, then
we'll pivot something different.
We have a newsletter, which, again, was something,
like, we could not have done at The Post.
And we just, heck, why not start a newsletter?
So I think flexibility is the main difference.
I'm so curious about if you have a particular framework that
you use to think about experimentation.
One of the reasons why I've been really excited about the
AppRoto community is the speed of iteration and being able
to try new things that opens up new opportunities.
But then the question is, I kind of have always j
oked that journalists are actually kind of like many VCs,
but they invest with their time, right?
And so journalists are very willing to go very deep on something
they have strong confidence in.
But otherwise, catching their attention is very difficult.
And so, like, you know, you can say that
you have investments in current platforms, but with the opportunities afford
ed you, are you guys looking for particular types of connections
with audience or a certain size of audience and things like that
?
Size, no.
I would say connection, absolutely.
We're looking to build this sort of loyal fan, as
I mentioned before.
So that takes time, right?
That's not going to happen overnight.
That's not going to happen if, hey, everyone loves
a viral hit.
We love something that goes viral, but ultimately we want to
build a fan that's going to subscribe and then buy a
T-shirt and then leave a comment and then maybe monet
ize in some other kind of way.
And that, you know, gosh, I'll pick a
random time, not random, but six months, let's
say.
I think that's a fair time, maybe even longer,
maybe a year to try something to really sort of see if
you can get traction and build fans that will come back week
to week, day to day, and sort of stick with
you.
I think it takes a while.
Actually, would you talk about, you know, hearing Ted
's question, you know, I'm obviously a fan of
L&I and a long-time consumer from before we
worked together to when we worked together to whatever we are now
.
Can you talk a little bit about Dave's coverage of young
men in the United States and just kind of the success he
's had?
Yeah.
So our audience is predominantly young men across every platform.
We publish right now on YouTube, TikTok, Beehive
, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Facebook, and Snapchat.
And across the big three, let's call it YouTube,
TikTok, Instagram, the audience is entirely male and not entirely
, I'm sorry, mostly male and largely under the age
of 35, which is an audience that is attracted to a
lot of folk right now for a lot of different reasons.
And what we have found about them really is that they are
deeply, deeply engaged with the news, which is something that
a lot of research has proven otherwise.
And that's because we use comedy, for the most part
, when appropriate, to tell the news.
It's a lot like when I grew up with The Daily
Show that folks said they wanted to interact with The Daily Show
, but they weren't interested in getting their news from any
other traditional method.
We're seeing that quite a lot now with Dave's fans
.
And the way that they interact with him and engage with his
content is so thoughtful and so deep that it's pretty surprising
.
We use our newsletter a lot to get email response to topics
in the news to do deeper analysis than we're able to
do in short form video.
And we saw this in a particularly meaningful way after the murder
of Charlie Kirk.
We've seen it again around topics around this word patriotism
.
We've seen it again recently around Louis Theroux's
documentary on the Manosphere, where we've engaged our audience
in this, and they have written these lengthy, thoughtful,
surprising emails back to Dave about the way that they think about
politics, about how they think about their worldview.
And we've really seen that as sort of the foundation of
kind of our philosophy of how we deliver the news.
If I can pitch in this room, because it's been
so inspiring to be here, and I love the goose in
that we can do things.
God, I want to believe that.
Like, now's the time.
You know, I'm still protocol-pilling myself,
understanding where I am in the world, understanding who I'm
talking to.
You know, I've tried to read histories and read in
, and Ted, you've been amazing.
Chad's been amazing.
He kind of helped me understand a lot more about this world
.
As I've seen some of the early-stage development of
applications about use cases, about people building things, stuff like
Gray, stuff like SIL that tries to aggregate, that
tries to kind of have that human algorithmic thinking.
Studying independent creator journalists, studying Lauren's team's work
and all the people in journalism atlas, talking to people
, just asking questions, trying to report it out with my
, you know, repertoireal instincts, I screenshot things like
crazy.
Like, I'm like, oh, this is interesting.
And I think that certain things, like especially creators talking to
their audiences, like Lauren's describing with the email, I
don't see that, but I didn't talk to you
guys.
I have a sense of that.
That's why I prompted you.
But I do see what you guys do publicly.
And what Dave does publicly to engage with his fan bases in
YouTube, Instagram, and TikTok is fidelity.
It is community building.
It is extraordinary.
And he's swimming upstream on those algorithmic spaces because he
knows there's value there.
If there are spaces that would build for the people like Dave
's of the world, if you can imagine some of the
early stage applications being built, whether it is at Proto
far away from Blue Sky or closer to the daily news stream
, to have creators like Dave who are willing to do the
work, who see the value of the thousand true fans and
more, and want to go somewhere, that's the innovation
I would love to see is like what do technologists want
to build that will help do that middle substrate level that we
've kind of been all missing, you know, kind of
like leaning towards today?
What does it mean to find people with a genuine audience,
the Dave's, the Marisa Cabas's, to
say, you've got a breaking news story, Marisa
, you have an investigation.
Let's figure out what your leaflet looks like, what
your playbook looks like for a story you just broke that
you know you're owning for a week.
Dave, you know, you are on, you know,
the male loneliness epidemic.
You've been doing this in your email or whatever.
You're going to launch an enterprise project.
You are leading the conversation.
Where's the tooling where you're going to help bring people
into a place where there's greater engagement and value?
You want to say anything?
No, please.
Yeah, there's so many threads to follow within that,
which is excellent.
And I want to touch on two in the following order.
I think that when it comes to building an audience, and
even when you're talking about the sort of strategy for experimentation
and things like that, right, when you talk about creator
landscapes, people typically break things down into what's your top
of funnel?
How do you do discovery?
And then, like, what's your monetization strategy and
retention and things like that?
And I think that there are interesting examples within just the creator
space, like dropout.
tv, which I find super fascinating in terms of their strategies
, in terms of having a really, really effective clipping strategy
and being everywhere but being able to pull everybody back to their
platform and engage people deeply there.
There are folks like Hank Green who have talked about, like
, creating businesses that generate more value than they capture.
And one of my questions around all these things is, how
replicable do we think that these models actually are?
And is it possible for journalists to succeed in the current landscape
, or is this a temporary position that we're trying to
figure out to get to the next thing?
Yeah, I'll just, the strong, strong answer,
which Lauren will give so much voice to, is this better
be temporary because it's not sustainable, like 500%.
We've done mapping, like, local communities.
The very clear signal we get back is for every creator,
journalist, for every, you know, full-time creator
, whether they identify as a journalist or not, but they
're creating that kind of valuable information, who can go it
full-time.
There are 80 who don't.
So this is a number of people who are doing fractional
work, who are doing side hustles.
Now, in a certain way, it's beautiful.
You know, there are people in the community who are experts
in a certain subject or have a professional tradecraft.
In D.
C., we have this wonderful creator who is a realtor
who does the historical tours of the D.
C.
area, Joe Himiley, who is D.
famous, and it works for his business, and it all
, you know, market, it all kind of works.
Great.
There's too many people like Marisa and Dave and Lauren
who need to see other things being built and are surviving with
their wits and their brilliance and their pre-natural
talent, but we are in a scary place if there's
not more support coming their way.
Yeah, ditto.
Amazing.
And this is certainly something top of mind in the atmosphere as
well in terms of which things can we create, what's
their sort of collective power, I think, is another way
to put it, and then also how does this grow and
connect with other audiences in other places.
And speaking of which, I mean, you mentioned comedy,
and I think that this is a really interesting topic too on
a couple of fronts, both how does comedy succeed within the
sort of social landscape, and then also I think the application
to news is a really interesting topic.
And, you know, we've reached a point where,
like, the SF standard has a comedy correspondent, which I
think is amazing and blew my mind when I first saw it
.
But the use of other tools or other ways to connect to
people seem like a really interesting and effective way to get out
of, like, oh, news is broccoli, right,
which I think is one of the contexts and analogies that
people think about when they think about the news.
Is that something that you guys build into your scripts?
Are you thinking about other strategies and ways to connect with audiences
as well?
That's the way that Dave communicates.
Hopefully, L&I becomes, you know, a network
of other Daves, and every other Dave would not necessarily
need to use comedy as their sort of mode of communication.
But the reason that it works for him, we think,
actually goes back, again, to who his audience is.
Like, this audience of young men has built their lives around
very dark humor and sort of using it as a coping mechanism
.
I mean, we see this broadly online, right?
So he has found this way to sort of do it in
a way that captures their attention, even if the news is
often so bleak that they don't want to look at
it in any other way.
His particular type of humor is not very dark.
It's actually quite joyful, and he often says he likes
to sort of be the character that asks the dumb thing or
sort of suggests he doesn't explain it so the other characters
around him can explain it to him.
So that's quite joyful compared to a lot of other dark
comedy in this moment.
But we have found that it has allowed people that say,
I just can't handle the news right now to really be
welcomed into our space and then to stick with us.
I'll just, you know, to borrow from Aaron earlier
, Dave has an amazing register and series of registers.
He's, you know, just an absolute genius in applying
it.
Amazing.
I'm interested in whether anybody has questions as well.
We have about six minutes left.
Would anyone like to throw the questions?
Do we have?
Thanks.
Yeah, I had a question.
You mentioned earlier when you were talking about your start separating from
the post and the kind of freedoms that that gave you.
And I hear a lot, like, we're, I
think there's a lot of developers here and we're building
infrastructure and the protocol around a lot of the exciting stuff of
, like, individual content creators and media.
And then we go back to, like, the support side
of things and kind of bringing people more together.
And I was wondering what thoughts you had on, like,
the transition from, you know, the, like, the
post and organizations that we have today towards the, kind of
what your ideal future would look like.
And how do we build for that on an application or protocol
or infrastructure level?
Yeah, thank you for the question.
I think y'all are primed for that opportunity in
the way that a lot of traditional organizations are not because we
weren't able to see the business of the post in many
aspects sort of reckon with this idea that we had an audience
that was not interested in the website or the text product.
And we saw that from a subscription side, from a merchand
ising side, certainly from an ad and sponsorship side.
So thinking about the ways that these audiences actually want to support
the kind of content that independent creators are putting out there is
essential.
Like, it's no longer can you sell a subscription to
the website that will get you around a paywall if you
are a fan of this TikToker.
Like, those two things do not reckon with one another anymore
.
And I think that's the opportunity of you all is to
think about what kinds of business support actually honor these audiences where
they already are.
And I would just nudge the word parasocial,
which Lauren said earlier, which is a lot of people's
relationship with Dave.
And I heard it in the previous panel talking about music and
artists.
But the idea of fandom and parasocial is, I
think, a wonderful thin layer that connects the concept of any
type of creation and community that news is moving towards because of
the destruction of these institutions.
talented creators like Dave would thrive in that ecosystem, whether it
's comedy or the next Dave who's not as funny.
I have a question.
Hi, Ted.
So you had talked earlier about how the current state of things
is not super sustainable.
Not a big surprise.
And I just wanted to get from your folks' vantage point
or from your viewpoint, AI, friend or foe,
or kind of what are some of the opportunities and scary things
in this area?
I'll go for, I mean, inevitability.
You know, software moves forward.
Technology moves forward.
So just to ground it in that.
I think there are so many conversations to have.
There's a movement out there.
I have not been in touch with these folks, but I
admire their work.
They identify as RSL, real simple licensing.
And their construct is just like RSS, having some level
of mechanism of the, you know, here's the metadata
that travels with the content.
I question where that ends up in the long run.
I think at this moment in time, actually, this is
the best answer to your question I can give you.
There is a pretty prominent sub stacker, Lenny Rich
etsky, if I'm not butchering his last
name.
Yeah, Lenny's letter.
He is a fabulous writer, thinker.
I forget what his affiliations were professional, which big tech
companies he worked at.
But he's been writing for five years or so.
Just a week or two ago, he published on his sub
stack his 350 corpus of all previously written stuff and all
the transcripts of his podcast are being released and licensed to
anybody with a subscription and a lighter version of it to people
who are not in markdown form and having a contest to
see who can create the best stuff off of his IP.
That, you know, to imagine the Washington Post doing that
, they think, you know, they are struggling to figure
out what the open AI will negotiate.
I've heard in a few of the earlier panels about Reddit
and the New York Times and their relationship with AI in a
certain place.
You know, that's Lenny and he is a product
person with a certain community doing a certain thing that doesn't
work for every publisher.
But the idea of being eyes wide open about the soft horse
coming with the other, the idea of being eyes wide open
of what will be the first player multiplayer experience of what could
happen at a monetization level between machines and even humans,
I hope that more creator journalists are thinking about that.
I hope that technologists are thinking about that.
I think, you know, you guys haven't thought about
Davebot by chance, have you?
Or like whatever levels of like, how would you mechanize
Dave's personality and or use mechanizations to feed more people
to the real human data?
We haven't thought about that yet.
We don't, you know, in our news making,
we don't really use AI right now.
Our audience is actually very deeply skeptical of it, at least
in the video space.
So we've made a pledge to them that we will not
use AI in our script writing and in our video production in
our news gathering.
And that's part of our kind of like ethics and transparency
promise to our audience.
We talk about that a lot.
We report on AI weekly, sometimes daily.
But right now, we're not really using it in our
reporting.
You know, I think what the future holds is an open
question.
But as long as our audience right now is reacting to it
in the way that they are, especially what they're seeing
on YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, and sort of like their
very guttural reaction to it, I think we will
sort of try to be the antithesis of it.
I've seen, and you all tell me, comedy is
one of the things that AI cannot do.
So as long as Dave can do it and AI doesn't
do it well, maybe we'll sort of keep it separate
.
And if you haven't seen it, Dave
actually has a character who is the AI character, which we
kind of regularly kind of, you know.
Or something.
Yeah, exactly.
Hi.
So in the last five years, I feel like we've
seen a small resurgence by necessity of like independent media organizations
.
I'm thinking of like the 404 defector Flaming
Hydra aftermath.
they are notably not on protocol.
They're, you know, Ghost has been amazing as like
a democratization platform for them, but it's not connected
to protocol.
So I guess my question would be, what would, what
would be your pitch to them as to, that might ent
ice them to come over and start publishing on protocol?
Like what would be the benefit for organizations like that?
You know, I gave a talk at the beginning of the
day where I kind of said, hey, I'm here
as a journalist and here's kind of what I know and
here's what I'm building a journalism atlas, making
lists of great journalists and I'm excited to talk to Lauren
about her business and kind of stand up here.
We're not on protocol necessarily.
We're very much coming here with a stance of like,
we're so curious and interested and that's why the last
few days have been very inspiring to find some of the folks
asking, like figuring out what we build with the application layer
that allow Lauren to, all the things she just talked about
, doing that on protocol, I think you would do in
a minute if you thought like, hey, here it is
.
But let's find that stuff I think I'd say.
You want to, anything you would add or?
No, that's good.
Yeah.
I think one of the other things here really is ultimately thinking
about both what the incentives are for each of these businesses and
what sorts of affordances do apps give them that either they
can't get anywhere else or are adequate substitutes for the
things that they're currently doing.
And so as we think about these things, like for example
, exclusivity on any particular platform is probably a non-
starter.
And so if you're thinking about that, then the question
really is how do you grow a particular audience?
What portion of time do you expect any particular journalist to spend
with a particular app?
What do they get out of that?
So all of those sorts of ROI questions I think are really
important and thinking about the fact that like essentially all publishing businesses
are kind of portfolio businesses now and where are they actually der
iving the revenue and how are they trying to think about their
time.
Great answer.
I think we are at time.
So thank you so much.
I really appreciated this conversation.
It's been great.
Thank you.